Adding PR template (#385)
openshift/addon-operator: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

### What type of PR is this?
_(bug/feature/cleanup/documentation/test/refactor)_

### What this PR does / why we need it?

### Which Jira/Github issue(s) this PR fixes?

_Fixes #_

### Special notes for your reviewer:

### Pre-checks (if applicable):
- [ ] Tested latest changes against a cluster

> - [ ] Ran `make test-unit` command locally to run all the unit test and mock test into the local system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Ran `make test-unit` command locally to run all the unit tests and mock tests locally.
```
